Update opening language of allowlisting docs. (#15205)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0/manage/cloud/manage-users/secure-access-by-ip-address.mdx

description: Manage network access to Prefect Cloud accounts with IP Allowlists.
---

> IP allowlisting is an available upgrade on certain Enterprise plans. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IP allowlisting is an available upgrade to Enterprise plans. 
```

> IP allowlisting enables account admins to restrict access to Prefect Cloud APIs and UI at the network level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IP allowlisting enables account administrators to restrict access to Prefect Cloud APIs and the UI at the network level. 
```

> To learn more, please contact your account manager or reach the Prefect team at sales@prefect.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, please contact your account manager or the Prefect team at sales@prefect.io.
```
